README.md, before:

# README #

This README documents whatever steps are necessary to get this plugin up and running.

### How do I get set up? ###
     
* Unzip and/or move all files to the /wp-content/plugins/pdc-faq directory
* Log into WordPress admin and activate the ‘PDC FAQ’ plugin through the ‘Plugins’ menu

### Filters

There are various [hooks](https://codex.wordpress.org/Plugin_API/Hooks), which allows for changing the output.

##### Filters the Metaboxes config array.
```php
'owc/pdc-faq/config/metaboxes'
```

##### Filters the Rest API fields config array.
```php
'owc/pdc-faq/config/rest_api_fields'
```


### Translations ###

If you want to use your own set of labels/names/descriptions and so on you can do so. 
All text output in this plugin is controlled via the gettext methods.

Please use your preferred way to make your own translations from the /wp-content/plugins/pdc-faq/languages/pdc-faq.pot file

Be careful not to put the translation files in a location which can be overwritten by a subsequent update of the plugin, theme or WordPress core.

We recommend using the 'Loco Translate' plugin. 
https://wordpress.org/plugins/loco-translate/

This plugin provides an easy interface for custom translations and a way to store these files without them getting overwritten by updates.

For instructions how to use the 'Loco Translate' plugin, we advice you to read the Beginners's guide page on their website: https://localise.biz/wordpress/plugin/beginners
or start at the homepage: https://localise.biz/wordpress/plugin

### Running tests ###
To run the Unit tests go to a command-line.
```bash
cd /path/to/wordpress/htdocs/wp-content/plugins/pdc-faq/
composer install
phpunit
```

For code coverage report, generate report with command line command and view results with browser.
```bash
phpunit --coverage-html ./tests/coverage
```

### Contribution guidelines ###

##### Writing tests
Have a look at the code coverage reports to see where more coverage can be obtained. 
Write tests
Create a Pull request to the OWC repository

### Who do I talk to? ###

IF you have questions about or suggestions for this plugin, please contact <a src="mailto:hpeters@Buren.nl">Holger Peters</a> from Gemeente Buren.

Commit message:

adjusted Readme.md to include new Plugin object action method

README.md, after:

# README #

This README documents whatever steps are necessary to get this plugin up and running.

### How do I get set up? ###
     
* Unzip and/or move all files to the /wp-content/plugins/pdc-faq directory
* Log into WordPress admin and activate the ‘PDC FAQ’ plugin through the ‘Plugins’ menu

### Filters & Actions

There are various [hooks](https://codex.wordpress.org/Plugin_API/Hooks), which allows for changing the output.

##### Action for changing main Plugin object.
```php
'owc/pdc-faq/plugin'
```

See OWC_PDC_FAQ\Core\Config->set method for a way to change this plugins config.

Via the plugin object the following config settings can be adjusted
- metaboxes
- rest_api_fields


### Translations ###

If you want to use your own set of labels/names/descriptions and so on you can do so. 
All text output in this plugin is controlled via the gettext methods.

Please use your preferred way to make your own translations from the /wp-content/plugins/pdc-faq/languages/pdc-faq.pot file

Be careful not to put the translation files in a location which can be overwritten by a subsequent update of the plugin, theme or WordPress core.

We recommend using the 'Loco Translate' plugin. 
https://wordpress.org/plugins/loco-translate/

This plugin provides an easy interface for custom translations and a way to store these files without them getting overwritten by updates.

For instructions how to use the 'Loco Translate' plugin, we advice you to read the Beginners's guide page on their website: https://localise.biz/wordpress/plugin/beginners
or start at the homepage: https://localise.biz/wordpress/plugin

### Running tests ###
To run the Unit tests go to a command-line.
```bash
cd /path/to/wordpress/htdocs/wp-content/plugins/pdc-faq/
composer install
phpunit
```

For code coverage report, generate report with command line command and view results with browser.
```bash
phpunit --coverage-html ./tests/coverage
```

### Contribution guidelines ###

##### Writing tests
Have a look at the code coverage reports to see where more coverage can be obtained. 
Write tests
Create a Pull request to the OWC repository

### Who do I talk to? ###

IF you have questions about or suggestions for this plugin, please contact <a href="mailto:hpeters@Buren.nl">Holger Peters</a> from Gemeente Buren.
